okay the nation gentlemen okay ladies
and gentlemen just a quick one now and
major fulford company commander told you
a bit of news earlier on and in for him
it's gray great news obviously with
these promotion going to deputy
commandant p a donut exeter he goes on
the fourth of junior takes poked at your
location you're stuck with me that's not
an issue now it would be nice to send me
to fulfill off well it's good farewell
he fielded coffee food gone these years
okay Charlie 31 was it 30 31 years he's
been with the company and he's only just
gone up the road in respect of going to
Exeter Cody HQ we will be seeing him
from time to time here at from camp and
I've already called upon his services to
come along and help with the teaching on
certain subjects and that sort of thing
on today issued an adult development map
that side of the training okay and he's
quite happy to do that okay but it has
been here many years he's handed over to
me a jolly good excellent company with
the best bunch of adults I'm sure any
food the company commander with wish for
could wish for all right so he's leaving
me a jolly good one I'm gonna try and at
least keep it at that level and I'll
strive to try and keep it and raise that
standard as well but it's going to be
difficult because he's left a good'n but
he's still with a couple more weeks in
post so he's not quite there yet and I'm
not quite a company commander for the
next couple weeks anyway but I think we
shouldn't give him a good send-off this
is the last time as company commander
standing in front of you lot he is so
major poo boots good luck in the future
don't attend games do you get on as well
there are you did
double a completion 32 swish foam foot
bed hey all right is that all right
thank you everyone I should be fine my
QQ you'll be all right it's me I'm
worried about after I prayed this mist